Adding Upgrade Instructions! (#49)
fourieraudio/docs: versioned_docs/version-1.4.0/transform.engine/engine-upgrade.md

Author: I figured out the targeting part, I didn’t realise we needed to switch the version to _next_ in the top bar of the development build. However, I haven’t found a specific command to backport changes. From what I understand, the documentation suggests manually copying the updated files into the relevant version directories.

It seems like the best practice is to place the updated files in both `manual/` (for the next version when thats created using docusaurus commands) and `versioned_docs/version-1.4.0` (for the current release), so the changes get included in both builds.

---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Upgrade Instructions

Keep your **transform**.engine up to date with the latest improvements, features, and bug fixes!

> To download any installers, navigate to the [Software Downloads](https://docs.fourieraudio.com/downloads/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the latest **transform**.client to update your engine. 

To download the latest client, navigate to the [Software Downloads](https://docs.fourieraudio.com/downloads/) page.
```

:::tip

Schedule upgrades during planned maintenance windows rather than *immediately* before a show!
:::

## Before You Begin

> If you are running on an older edition of **transform**.client, you will see the following warning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running an old edition of **transform**.client, and your computer is online, you will see the following warning when you start the software:
```

<div style={{ textAlign: "center" }}>
  <img src="/img/update/UpdateWarningv1-4-0.png" alt="Upgrade Warning" style={{ width: "50%" }} />

> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</div>
Download the latest client before continuing.
```

- Ensure your showfile is saved and backed up (*always* good to do!)

> - The system must remain powered on during the upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **transform**.engine must remain powered on during the upgrade
```

- The **transform**.client updater comes with compatible **transform**.engine software bundled so you can upgrade the **transform**.engine offline

## Quick Steps

| Step | Task | Notes |
|------|------|-------|
| 1 | Backup current showfile. | *Optional* but **recommended.** |
| 2 | Download the latest **transform**.client installer. | This can be obtained from the [Software Downloads](https://docs.fourieraudio.com/downloads/).  |
| 3 | Run the installer. |  |
| 4 | Run the updated client, and connect to your **transform**.engine.  | |
| 5 | The **transform**.engine will be feeling left out! Navigate to the system tab to update.  | See detailed steps below... |
| 6 | Walk away, get your tech to make you a cup of tea. | |

> | 7 | Reconnect to your client, and you are good to go! | Test all the shiny new features. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 7 | Reconnect to your engine, and you are good to go! | Test all the shiny new features. |
```

## Step-by-Step Upgrade Instructions

1. **Download the latest update package**  
   Navigate to the [Software Downloads](https://docs.fourieraudio.com/downloads/) page and download the latest version. Select the relevant **transform**.client bundle for your operating system:  
   
| OS Type           | Architecture       | Description                                                                 |
|-------------------|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Windows**       | x86-64 (64-bit)    | Standard installer for modern 64-bit Windows 10/11 systems.                |
| **macOS (ARM)**   | ARM64 (Apple Silicon) | For Macs with Apple Silicon chips (M1, M2, M3 and newer).                 |
| **macOS (x86-64)**| Intel (x86-64)     | For older Intel-based Macs (pre-2020 devices without Apple Silicon).       |

:::note
This is the **only step that requires internet access**. You can complete the rest of the upgrade offline once you’ve downloaded the correct version.
:::

1. **Close down transform.client**  

>    Make sure **transform**.client is not operating on your system while updating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Make sure **transform**.client is not running while updating.
```

2. **Run the installer**  

>    You will obtain a .zip file consisting of a bundle with both **transform**.client software and **transform**.engine updates inside. Extract and run the installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You will obtain a .zip file containing an installer for the updated **transform**.client. Extract and run the installer.
```

3. **Follow on-screen prompts**  
   The update tool will guide you through **transform**.client installation.
   
4. **Run the new transform.client**  
   The application will now show its installed version, now connect to your **transform**.engine. You should see a discrepancy between the version numbers like so:

      <div style={{ textAlign: "center" }}>
      <img src="/img/update/Versionmismatch.png" style={{ width: "50%" }} />
      </div>  
   Now, let's get the **transform**.engine up to speed.

> 5. **Navigate to the systems tab**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Navigate to the System tab**  
```

>    Once you have connected to your **transform**.engine, you will see the system tab in the top right appear as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Once you have connected to your **transform**.engine, you will see the System tab in the top right:
```
